adding more detail (#21)
intersystems-community/intersystems-servermanager: README.md

# InterSystems® Server Manager

This is a VS Code helper extension that helps configure connections to [InterSystems](https://www.intersystems.com/) servers in VS Code extensions such as the [ObjectScript Extension for VS Code](https://github.com/intersystems-community/vscode-objectscript).

> It also enables the secure storage of passwords using the underlying operating system's native key store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also enables the secure storage of passwords using the underlying operating system's native keystore.
```

Author: I wrote keystore in my DC post, and Jeff Fried changed it to 2 words, so I agree with you!

}
```

## Storing passwords securely

This extension adds the command `InterSystems Server Manager: Store Password in Keychain` to the Command Palette, which offers a quickpick of defined servers, then prompts for a password to store. This facility should be used instead of the plaintext `password` property of a server's definition, which has been deprecated.

**Usage:**

> 1. Bring up the command palette by typing CTRL-Shift-P (Mac: Command-Shift-P)

Reviewer: VS Code docs writes these as Ctrl+Shift+P / Cmd+Shift+P. It also capitalizes Command Palette. I suggest we do the same. There's a second occurrence later in your changes. Also, on Windows at least, F1 launches the Command Palette. Docs say the same happens on macOS. I find that a lot easier, and more memorable.

2. Start typing "Server Manager" to locate the `InterSystems Server Manager: Store Password in Keychain` command
3. Pick a server
4. Enter your password

You will no longer need to supply a password when connecting to the server you selected.

## Removing a stored password

The command `InterSystems Server Manager: Clear Password from Keychain` removes a stored password.

**Usage:**

> 1. Bring up the command palette by typing CTRL-Shift-P (Mac: Command-Shift-P)

Reviewer: As above
